Fix docs (#261)
yiisoft/db-migration: docs/guide/en/usage-with-symfony.md

# Usage with Symfony

> Require db-migration and DB driver. Let's use SQLite for this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Require migrations package and DB driver. Let's use SQLite for this example:
```
